# Ender-3-Pro-Custom-Firmware
I recently installed a CR Touch by Creality onto my Ender 3 Pro. I ran into some problems with the screen on the printer after I upgraded the firmware. So I wrote my own!
I used the included bracket that came with the CR Touch and it installed perfectly and simply. One problem, after I installed the upgraded firmware to use on my printer I ran into issues with the screen being all glitched and weird looking. I tried using 3Dprintscape's (https://3dprintscape.com/) custom firmware for the BL Touch but the parameters I found, were off. After some tinkering I thought I could get his custom firmware to work but alas, I could not. So I decided to start from scratch and make my own! Now everything is all up and running just like new. Exept a perfectly leveled bed. I have had no troubles printing PLA, TPU, and PETG with this (with no gluestick or adhesives on the print bed). I am using a glass bed from Creality with the included bracket to mount the CR Touch. Just format your micro sd card of choice to Fat32 and put the .BIN file named iMach'sCustomEnder3ProFirmware.bin onto the micro sd and plug it into the printer. Turn the printer on and wait a couple moments for the firmware to take and when the screen comes to life again your free to take the micro sd card out and carry on printing. Best of luck to you!


Thing Ive upgraded on the Ender 3 Pro
  Glass Bed - https://store.creality.com/products/ender-3-carborundum-glass-bed-platform-235-235mm?spm=..product_f333583d-52c3-4ff2-8ec1-f465ca25a328.product_club_1.1&spm_prev=..collection_cc8cf8b4-3da1-49c7-bc32-dd0e246caef8.albums_2.1
  Direct Drive - https://store.creality.com/products/ender-3-direct-drive-extruding-kit
  CR Touch - https://store.creality.com/products/cr-touch-auto-leveling-sensor-kit?spm=..collection_cc8cf8b4-3da1-49c7-bc32-dd0e246caef8.albums_2.1&spm_prev=..index.header_1.1
